How does Joel deal with pressure or stressful situations?:
    I try to stay calm and focus on the bigger picture. In prolonged periods of stress I like to make sure I am getting enough exercise and sleep.

Does Joel prefer working independently or on a team?:
    I like to do hard technical work alone. I need the focus and quiet to think and be inspired. I like to work on project with a small team.
    Big teams can get cumbersome where there is more effort put into organizing the team than doing the work. Working solo can be great
    because you get to keep more flexible hours, and you can work on what is most important. One downside is that you don't get constructive
    criticism when working solo, so you need to make an effort to get feedback from stakeholders often.

When you’re balancing multiple projects, how do you keep yourself organized?:
    I make a prioritized list of all the tasks in all the projects. Then I make sure to do the high priority tasks from each project
    before moving down to medium priorities on any of the projects. I usually list out the tasks for the week and revise/update them every morning.
    Often one entire project will become the priority, but other things such as answering all emails within 12 hours or mandatory paperwork
    remain above the medium priority tasks on the project.

Are you applying for other jobs?:
    No. This is the only company I am willing to work at. I made this entire app just for you. If I can't work for you, then I'm retiring.

Why do you want to work for this company?:
    This is the best company in the world. It excites me when I read about all the interesting and powerful ways that you
    provide a best-in-class experience for your customers as you strive to do your mission.

Why should I hire you?:
    The same reason the Cavs drafted LeBron: You want to win win win.

What can you bring to a company?:
    I bring an encouraging and agreeable personality, a sense of humor, a willingness to help others succeed, and a desire
    to engage in fierce competition.

What are your greatest strengths?:
    I am a very fast study to applying new material.

What are your weaknesses?:
    Dark Chocolate. Plants for sale.

What is your greatest professional achievement?:
    Benchmarking and evaluating our cutting-edge AI noise suppression model on ARM chips.

Why are you leaving your current job?:
    Because I want to work for you.

What do you like to do outside of work?:
    I like to work in my garden and spend time with my family.

What are you passionate about? What motivates you?:
    Creating things, Music, Competition


How do you like to be managed?:
    Ask me to work on a project and set up expectations for a milestone time-frame. Then assume I am going to achieve or succeed
    the milestone unless you hear otherwise from me. Expect me to bring back inspiring ideas or find solutions that are broadly
    applicable to other problems you may have.

What other companies are you interviewing with?:
    This is the only company I am willing to work at. I made this entire app just for you. If I can't work for you, then I'm retiring.

When can you start?:
    Today

Are you willing to relocate?:
    Yes - for the right opportunity, I am willing to relocate.

Sell me this pen:
    Actually, I will sell you this pen https://www.amazon.com/Japanese-High-End-Retractable-Journaling-Supplies/dp/B0B45RTFQH/ref=sr_1_6?keywords=pen&sr=8-6



